and fall or girlfriends and friends in this
I bring you a video tutorial that
I had asked a couple of people
on how to play the call of duty 4
multiplayer and once they have it
installed good we know that this call of
duty is very good I have it in my
channel some other video because
can see a tutorial and here I have
some other callplay gameplay
duty and good some other good tutorial
well worth noting that I now
I will teach, I will simply tell you the steps
exactly how they have to do it already
that I already have it completely full
multiplayer I have not been able to
get the cid and since I had it
installed I decided it's nothing of viktor
orbán not anything like that I had it in a
cid and that I proposed a friend and good
I got in the files that are
needed to be able to play
multiplayer these files are not from my
I just found it
and I wanted to do this tutorial for
that people are easier to work
to find the files in a single
place and do not go through the surfing
not find them anything
so good they'll go to the link that
I will leave you in the description of this
video and it will take you to this file
remove the multiplayer duty ok so
call the file and it should be noted that
these files that come here within
ferrari are not at all my responsibility
no good weighs 380 and 1.09 megabytes that
is what will take them approximately
a half hour of download depends on the
speed of your internet no and well yo
I no longer download it, although it's good for
see they have no problem no no
I think it marks them as a virus, not like that
what good did he cancel
and good to leave you this this error of
I already told you what happened
to the desk do it as it is already and what
they extract here enter in the password
the password is cristian
are
okay
and good to decompress some
that other rare other files apart from
that ok
well let's leave us four
Rare apart from this leaves us the call of
duty four drums three bombs ter and
know that it is very necessary to be able to
play it ok after this we leave it here
ok well these four files are the
indispensable is good for what
the broth of 4.23 serves them we know that
previously we had to patch what
practically from the program of
hype this was the useful heat but this
we can not find it in the hype esther
why because I put this no longer lends
your services to activision so good
we can no longer do this simply
I leave this folder here is the one
they need to stick in the on their as they are
I say in your installation folder
call of duty 4 ok that says pepe then
you unpack this and take it
this folder here ok then you what
what they have to do is control is done
this folder here and go where
have your call of duty 4 installed here
and here I have also the black ops
pd and erase the folder but not the
deleted because I already have it then
I think you listen very well this I want
that they do the same steps delete it and
they stick it and stick it to the disk
in this folder here and paste the one that is
here in this folder here ok they replace it
they practically have to erase it and
paste it and very well once you have done
that's already in the hype esther
you could completely say the folder
updated so they do not have any
problem when entering a good server
then this here already outside
then we have two patches these
parts are necessary for the
servers us practically leave us
enter there then what are we going to do
extract here
unzip them I'm here too and
until careful yes yes what matters
I'll leave these two files here
they have to execute it like
administrator each one I do not
because because when I try
it's just going to take me a while to open it and
is going to tell me that I already have it installed
so they have to execute what
it will depend and it does not matter the order in which
install it ok either it is here or it is
here I installed it first no matter with
so that they install both very well a
Once you have that there, practically
already do that they have already replaced the
pont booster folder in your folder
of installation and have installed these
two these two parts practically already
they will be able to enter sugar safely
abdul team multiplayer the 4 obviously to
play without any problem but when
are inside the game maybe dress a
error when it enters a server
so this is what this
folder here
well it depends happens to me at the beginning
from when I first started playing what
a server came in and I went out with
bots fx mp efe is different from the
server means that the file is
different from the server then
It depends on the error I threw when he
want to enter a server either
local and set code post that fx or mp
anyone have to simply
copy it go to your folder
installation of the call of duty 4
enter the folder are english here is
where are all the maps
these files are very necessary and a
missing completely dried then
it depends on the error that I throw them either
any of these depends on the error
that throws them the game within the game
you copy it and go here and what
replace with the file they have ok
for the file that throws the error
within the game then once
have done all this already practically
they can play call of duty 4 without
No problem I wanted to do it
practically from the beginning you know
I doing all the steps and
working and verifying that if I
they served but I see that it is better to do it
well since you took your
conclusions to me has served me and have
done several times that on my pc I started to
other friends is pretty simple since
when you get used to it then you know
simply this they have to do everything
this is downloading the file and
decompress follow discovery
install the patches copy the folder
of the pont booster and depends on the error that
I pulled them into the game to be able to
replace the file ok so good
nothing else
but they liked it, I hope there
Served like and subscribe if it was
so I think it was a pretty good contribution
good and good then nothing else here take
use nelson waiting for you to pass it
very well and that has served you so much
I'll leave a couple of ip servers that I
they like it a lot and in some ways if
game is already like the zombies or like a
mod
How is called the rum if if
call the room is to be able to make type
Parkour is something very very good
I'll leave the IP iphes of my
favorite servers to enter and
well we play someday not and I'll leave you
I'll leave the link of a video too
which has a lot of codes codes
of activation that will serve them for
that you replace it in case you
enter some server you get player
kicked or something like that is an error that
he also throws them for having the same
another player's code so good
I hope nothing has happened to them very well
and what good has served them be careful
until next time
bye